docs/plugins/dependencies.md, before:

# Dependencies

Add support for dependency links between tasks using [jsPlumb](https://jsplumbtoolkit.com/).

## Dependency

[jsPlumb](https://jsplumbtoolkit.com/)

## Usage

    angular.module('myApp', ['gantt', 'gantt.dependencies']);

<!-- -->

    <div gantt>
        <gantt-dependencies enabled="true"
                            jsPlumbDefaults="{
                                             Endpoint: ['Dot', {radius: 7}],
                                             Connector: 'Flowchart'
                                             }"
                            endpoints="[...]">
        </gantt-dependencies>
    </div>


## Attributes

- ### enabled

    Enable dependencies support.

    default: `true`

- ### jsPlumbDefaults

    Default settings object for the underlying jsPlumb instance. See 
    [Configuring Defaults](https://jsplumbtoolkit.com/community/doc/defaults.html) of 
    [jsPlumb documentation](https://jsplumbtoolkit.com/community/doc/home.html).
    
    default: 

        {
        Endpoint: ['Dot', {radius: 4}],
        EndpointStyle: {fillStyle:'#456', strokeStyle:'#456', lineWidth: 1},
        Connector: 'Flowchart',
        ConnectionOverlays: [['Arrow', { location:1, length:12, width:12}]]
        }

- ### endpoints

    Array of endpoints that will be create for each task. See
    [Endpoint class](https://jsplumbtoolkit.com/community/apidocs/classes/Endpoint.html) of 
    [jsPlumb documentation](https://jsplumbtoolkit.com/community/doc/home.html).

    default:

       [
           {
               anchor:'Left',
               isSource:false,
               isTarget:true,
               maxConnections: -1,
               cssClass: 'gantt-endpoint start-endpoint target-endpoint'
               overlays:[
                   ['Custom', {create:createLeftOverlay}]
               ]
           },
           {
               anchor:'Right',
               isSource:true,
               isTarget:false,
               maxConnections: -1,
               cssClass: 'gantt-endpoint end-endpoint source-endpoint'
               overlays:[
                   ['Custom', {create:createRightOverlay}]
               ]
           }
       ];

## Model

Task can specify a `dependencies` field containing a single or a list of objects.

Each object defines the opposite side or the dependency, using either `from` or `to` property. `connectParameters` field
can optionnaly be set to an object that will be used for each related 
[jsPlumb.connect(...)](https://jsplumbtoolkit.com/community/doc/connections.html#programmatic) function call.

    {
      ...
      // Inside Task object
      'dependencies': [{
        'from': <taskId>,
        'connectParameters': {...} // Parameters given to jsPlumb.connect() function call.
      }]
    }

    {
      ...
      // Inside Task object
      'dependencies': [{
        'to': <taskId>,
        'connectParameters': {...} // Parameters given to jsPlumb.connect() function call.
      }]
    }

## API

### Events

- **api.dependencies.on.add(dependency)**, **api.dependencies.on.remove(dependency)**, **api.dependencies.on.change(dependency, oldDependency)**

  A dependency was created, removed or changed.

Commit message:

feat(dependencies): Publish refresh as an API method.
It also includes refactoring and fixes

docs/plugins/dependencies.md, after:

# Dependencies

Add support for dependency links between tasks using [jsPlumb](https://jsplumbtoolkit.com/).

## Dependency

[jsPlumb](https://jsplumbtoolkit.com/)

## Usage

    angular.module('myApp', ['gantt', 'gantt.dependencies']);

<!-- -->

    <div gantt>
        <gantt-dependencies enabled="true"
                            jsPlumbDefaults="{
                                             Endpoint: ['Dot', {radius: 7}],
                                             Connector: 'Flowchart'
                                             }"
                            endpoints="[...]">
        </gantt-dependencies>
    </div>


## Attributes

- ### enabled

    Enable dependencies support.

    default: `true`

- ### jsPlumbDefaults

    Default settings object for the underlying jsPlumb instance. See 
    [Configuring Defaults](https://jsplumbtoolkit.com/community/doc/defaults.html) of 
    [jsPlumb documentation](https://jsplumbtoolkit.com/community/doc/home.html).
    
    default: 

        {
        Endpoint: ['Dot', {radius: 4}],
        EndpointStyle: {fillStyle:'#456', strokeStyle:'#456', lineWidth: 1},
        Connector: 'Flowchart',
        ConnectionOverlays: [['Arrow', { location:1, length:12, width:12}]]
        }

- ### endpoints

    Array of endpoints that will be create for each task. See
    [Endpoint class](https://jsplumbtoolkit.com/community/apidocs/classes/Endpoint.html) of 
    [jsPlumb documentation](https://jsplumbtoolkit.com/community/doc/home.html).

    default:

       [
           {
               anchor:'Left',
               isSource:false,
               isTarget:true,
               maxConnections: -1,
               cssClass: 'gantt-endpoint start-endpoint target-endpoint'
               overlays:[
                   ['Custom', {create:createLeftOverlay}]
               ]
           },
           {
               anchor:'Right',
               isSource:true,
               isTarget:false,
               maxConnections: -1,
               cssClass: 'gantt-endpoint end-endpoint source-endpoint'
               overlays:[
                   ['Custom', {create:createRightOverlay}]
               ]
           }
       ];

## Model

Task can specify a `dependencies` field containing a single or a list of objects.

Each object defines the opposite side or the dependency, using either `from` or `to` property. `connectParameters` field
can optionnaly be set to an object that will be used for each related 
[jsPlumb.connect(...)](https://jsplumbtoolkit.com/community/doc/connections.html#programmatic) function call.

    {
      ...
      // Inside Task object
      'dependencies': [{
        'from': <taskId>,
        'connectParameters': {...} // Parameters given to jsPlumb.connect() function call.
      }]
    }

    {
      ...
      // Inside Task object
      'dependencies': [{
        'to': <taskId>,
        'connectParameters': {...} // Parameters given to jsPlumb.connect() function call.
      }]
    }

## API

### Methods

### Methods
    
- **api.dependencies.refresh(tasks)**

  Refresh the view with dependencies data from the model.
  tasks is an array of Task objects to refresh, or undefined to refresh the whole chart.

### Events

- **api.dependencies.on.add(dependency)**, **api.dependencies.on.remove(dependency)**, **api.dependencies.on.change(dependency, oldDependency)**

  A dependency was created, removed or changed.
