docs/configuration/api.md, before:

# API

angular-gantt has an API to call methods of the component and listen or raise events.

Register the API Object using `api` attribute.

    <gantt api="registerApi"></gantt>

<!-- -->
    
    $scope.registerApi = function(api) {
      api.core.on.ready() {
        // Call API methods and register events.
      }
    }

API Object contains features, like `api.core`, `api.data`, `api.rows` or `api.columns`.

Each feature has attached methods, like `api.data.load(data)` or `api.core.getDateByPosition(position)`.

On each feature, `on` object is used to register listeners, and `raise` object to fire events manually.
    
    // Listen an event called 'eventName' of a feature called 'featureName'.
    api.featureName.on.eventName($scope, function(data) {
        // Called when 'eventName' is raised.
    });
    
    // Raise an event called 'eventName' of a feature called 'featureName'.
    api.featureName.raise.eventName(data);
    
    // Call method called 'methodName' of a feature called 'featureName'.
    api.featureName.methodName();


## Events

#### core

- **api.core.on.ready(api)**

    Gantt is initialized and ready to load data.
  
#### data

- **api.data.on.load(data)**

    Data has been loaded.
    
- **api.data.on.remove(data)**

    Data has been removed.

- **api.data.on.clear()**
    
    Data has been cleared.
  
#### directives

Directives events are entry points to build [Template Hooks](customize.md#template-hooks) and [Plugins](write_plugin.md).

- **api.directives.on.new(directiveName, scope, iElement, iAttrs, controller)**

    A directive instance controller will be created. It can be used to register
    [DOM Event Listener](customize.md#dom-event-listener) (`click`, `dblclick`, ...) on any directive.

- **api.directives.on.preLink(directiveName, scope, iElement, iAttrs, controller)**

    A directive instance is in preLink phase.

- **api.directives.on.postLink(directiveName, scope, iElement, iAttrs, controller)**

    A directive instance is in postLink phase.

- **api.directives.on.destroy(directiveName, scope, iElement, iAttrs, controller)**

    A directive instance scope has been destroyed.

#### tasks

- **api.tasks.on.add(task)**, **api.tasks.on.change(task)**, **api.tasks.on.remove(task)**

    A task has been added, changed or removed

- **api.tasks.on.rowChange(task, oldRow)**

    A task has been moved from one row to another
  
- **api.tasks.on.filter(tasks, filteredTasks)**

    Tasks have been filtered out.
  
- **api.tasks.on.clean(taskModel)**

    Model of a task has been cleaned and will be loaded.
  
#### timespans

- **api.timespans.on.add(timespan)**, **api.timespans.on.change(timespan)**, **api.timespans.on.remove(timespan)**

    A timespan has been added, changed or removed.
  
- **api.timespans.on.clean(timespanModel)**
  
    Model of a timespans has been cleaned and will be loaded.
  
#### rows
  
- **api.rows.on.add(row)**, **api.rows.on.change(row)**, **api.rows.on.remove(row)**

    A row has been added, changed or removed.
  
- **api.rows.on.move(row, oldIndex, newIndex)**

    A row has been moved.

- **api.rows.on.filter(rows, filteredRows)**

    Rows have been filtered out.
  
- **api.rows.on.clean(row)**
  
    Model of a row has been cleaned and will be loaded.

#### columns
  
- **api.columns.on.generate(columns, headers)**

    Columns have been generated.
  
- **api.columns.on.clear()**

    Columns have been cleared.
  
#### labels

- **api.labels.on.resizeBegin(width)**, **api.labels.on.resize(width)**, **api.labels.on.resizeEnd(width)**

    Row label area is starting to resize, resizing or has stopped resizing.
        
#### scroll

- **api.scroll.on.scroll(left, date, direction)**

    The user scrolls to the left or right side of the chart. Use this event to load more data on the fly.


## Methods

#### core

- **api.core.getDateByPosition(position)**

    Retrieves the date from position in gantt.

- **api.core.getPositionByDate(date)**

    Retrieves the position in gantt from date.

#### data

- **api.data.load(data)**
  
    Loads more data to the Gantt.
  
    See [Data](data.md) for more information.

- **api.data.remove(data)**
  
    Removes data from the Gantt.
    
    It is possible to remove complete rows or specific tasks

- **api.data.clear()**

    Removes all rows and tasks at once.
  
- **api.data.get()**

    Get the data model binded to gantt.

#### timespans

- **api.timespans.load(timespans)**
  
    Loads timespans to the Gantt.
    
    See [Timespans](timespans.md) for more information.

- **api.timespans.remove(timespans)**

    Removes timespans from the Gantt.

- **api.timespans.clear()**

    Removes all timespans at once.

#### columns

- **api.columns.clear()**

    Removes all columns.

- **api.columns.generate()**

    Generates all columns and display them.
  
- **api.columns.refresh()**
  
    Refresh columns and current date. It will also apply filters, and may be required if you use 
    [filter-task](attributes.md#filter-task-filter-task-comparator) or [filter-row](attributes.md##filter-row-filter-row-comparator) with a function.

#### rows

- **api.rows.sort()**

    Sort rows based on `sort-mode` value.
  
- **api.rows.applySort()**
  
    Apply the actual sort provided by `sort-mode` to gantt model data.

- **api.rows.refresh()**

    Refresh rows. It will also apply filters, and may be required if you use [filter-task](attributes.md#filter-task-filter-task-comparator) or
    [filter-row](attributes.md##filter-row-filter-row-comparator) with a function.

#### timeframes

- **api.timeframes.registerTimeFrames(timeframes)**
  
    Register an array of TimeFrame objects.

- **api.timeframes.clearTimeframes()**

    Removes all registered TimeFrame objects.

- **api.timeframes.registerDateFrames(timeframes)**

    Register an array of DateFrame objects.

- **api.timeframes.clearDateFrames()**

    Removes all registered DateFrame objects.

- **api.timeframes.registerTimeFrameMappings(timeframes)**
  
    Register an array of TimeFrameMapping objects.

- **api.timeframes.clearTimeFrameMappings()**

    Removes all registered TimeFrameMapping objects.

#### scroll

- **api.scroll.to(position)**

    Scrolls to position.

- **api.scroll.toDate(date)**

    Scrolls to date.

- **api.scroll.left(offset)**

    Moves scroll to left by offset.

- **api.scroll.right(offset)**

    Moves scroll to right by offset.

Commit message:

fix(gantt): Smooth gantt initialization and rendering
Columns are first generated after rendering in a $timeout. It allows to build columns when the global layout of gantt is already performed by the browser. At this time, labels width is available.

Before those changes, columns were flickering at init time because. Columns were generated at wrong size the first time because labels column was still not rendered, and resized after labels column display.

This also enhance scrolling by dropping gantt-limit-updater, fix an issue on wide screens at first loading, and another issue for labels having 0px width when loading data on a existing empty gantt.

A new api.core.on.rendered was added, raised when gantt if fully rendered on display after columns generation.

Close #223

docs/configuration/api.md, after:

# API

angular-gantt has an API to call methods of the component and listen or raise events.

Register the API Object using `api` attribute.

    <gantt api="registerApi"></gantt>

<!-- -->
    
    $scope.registerApi = function(api) {
      api.core.on.ready() {
        // Call API methods and register events.
      }
    }

API Object contains features, like `api.core`, `api.data`, `api.rows` or `api.columns`.

Each feature has attached methods, like `api.data.load(data)` or `api.core.getDateByPosition(position)`.

On each feature, `on` object is used to register listeners, and `raise` object to fire events manually.
    
    // Listen an event called 'eventName' of a feature called 'featureName'.
    api.featureName.on.eventName($scope, function(data) {
        // Called when 'eventName' is raised.
    });
    
    // Raise an event called 'eventName' of a feature called 'featureName'.
    api.featureName.raise.eventName(data);
    
    // Call method called 'methodName' of a feature called 'featureName'.
    api.featureName.methodName();


## Events

#### core

- **api.core.on.ready(api)**

    Gantt is initialized and ready to load data.
    
- **api.core.on.rendered(api)**

    Gantt is fully rendered in browser.
  
#### data

- **api.data.on.load(data)**

    Data has been loaded.
    
- **api.data.on.remove(data)**

    Data has been removed.

- **api.data.on.clear()**
    
    Data has been cleared.
  
#### directives

Directives events are entry points to build [Template Hooks](customize.md#template-hooks) and [Plugins](write_plugin.md).

- **api.directives.on.new(directiveName, scope, iElement, iAttrs, controller)**

    A directive instance controller will be created. It can be used to register
    [DOM Event Listener](customize.md#dom-event-listener) (`click`, `dblclick`, ...) on any directive.

- **api.directives.on.preLink(directiveName, scope, iElement, iAttrs, controller)**

    A directive instance is in preLink phase.

- **api.directives.on.postLink(directiveName, scope, iElement, iAttrs, controller)**

    A directive instance is in postLink phase.

- **api.directives.on.destroy(directiveName, scope, iElement, iAttrs, controller)**

    A directive instance scope has been destroyed.

#### tasks

- **api.tasks.on.add(task)**, **api.tasks.on.change(task)**, **api.tasks.on.remove(task)**

    A task has been added, changed or removed

- **api.tasks.on.rowChange(task, oldRow)**

    A task has been moved from one row to another
  
- **api.tasks.on.filter(tasks, filteredTasks)**

    Tasks have been filtered out.
  
- **api.tasks.on.clean(taskModel)**

    Model of a task has been cleaned and will be loaded.
  
#### timespans

- **api.timespans.on.add(timespan)**, **api.timespans.on.change(timespan)**, **api.timespans.on.remove(timespan)**

    A timespan has been added, changed or removed.
  
- **api.timespans.on.clean(timespanModel)**
  
    Model of a timespans has been cleaned and will be loaded.
  
#### rows
  
- **api.rows.on.add(row)**, **api.rows.on.change(row)**, **api.rows.on.remove(row)**

    A row has been added, changed or removed.
  
- **api.rows.on.move(row, oldIndex, newIndex)**

    A row has been moved.

- **api.rows.on.filter(rows, filteredRows)**

    Rows have been filtered out.
  
- **api.rows.on.clean(row)**
  
    Model of a row has been cleaned and will be loaded.

#### columns
  
- **api.columns.on.generate(columns, headers)**

    Columns have been generated.
  
- **api.columns.on.clear()**

    Columns have been cleared.
  
#### labels

- **api.labels.on.resizeBegin(width)**, **api.labels.on.resize(width)**, **api.labels.on.resizeEnd(width)**

    Row label area is starting to resize, resizing or has stopped resizing.
        
#### scroll

- **api.scroll.on.scroll(left, date, direction)**

    The user scrolls to the left or right side of the chart. Use this event to load more data on the fly.


## Methods

#### core

- **api.core.getDateByPosition(position)**

    Retrieves the date from position in gantt.

- **api.core.getPositionByDate(date)**

    Retrieves the position in gantt from date.

#### data

- **api.data.load(data)**
  
    Loads more data to the Gantt.
  
    See [Data](data.md) for more information.

- **api.data.remove(data)**
  
    Removes data from the Gantt.
    
    It is possible to remove complete rows or specific tasks

- **api.data.clear()**

    Removes all rows and tasks at once.
  
- **api.data.get()**

    Get the data model binded to gantt.

#### timespans

- **api.timespans.load(timespans)**
  
    Loads timespans to the Gantt.
    
    See [Timespans](timespans.md) for more information.

- **api.timespans.remove(timespans)**

    Removes timespans from the Gantt.

- **api.timespans.clear()**

    Removes all timespans at once.

#### columns

- **api.columns.clear()**

    Removes all columns.

- **api.columns.generate()**

    Generates all columns and display them.
  
- **api.columns.refresh()**
  
    Refresh columns and current date. It will also apply filters, and may be required if you use 
    [filter-task](attributes.md#filter-task-filter-task-comparator) or [filter-row](attributes.md##filter-row-filter-row-comparator) with a function.

#### rows

- **api.rows.sort()**

    Sort rows based on `sort-mode` value.
  
- **api.rows.applySort()**
  
    Apply the actual sort provided by `sort-mode` to gantt model data.

- **api.rows.refresh()**

    Refresh rows. It will also apply filters, and may be required if you use [filter-task](attributes.md#filter-task-filter-task-comparator) or
    [filter-row](attributes.md##filter-row-filter-row-comparator) with a function.

#### timeframes

- **api.timeframes.registerTimeFrames(timeframes)**
  
    Register an array of TimeFrame objects.

- **api.timeframes.clearTimeframes()**

    Removes all registered TimeFrame objects.

- **api.timeframes.registerDateFrames(timeframes)**

    Register an array of DateFrame objects.

- **api.timeframes.clearDateFrames()**

    Removes all registered DateFrame objects.

- **api.timeframes.registerTimeFrameMappings(timeframes)**
  
    Register an array of TimeFrameMapping objects.

- **api.timeframes.clearTimeFrameMappings()**

    Removes all registered TimeFrameMapping objects.

#### scroll

- **api.scroll.to(position)**

    Scrolls to position.

- **api.scroll.toDate(date)**

    Scrolls to date.

- **api.scroll.left(offset)**

    Moves scroll to left by offset.

- **api.scroll.right(offset)**

    Moves scroll to right by offset.
